[RFC] Update Design documentation based on rav1e 0.4.0 (#2213)
xiph/rav1e: doc/STRUCTURE.md

> # File Structure of the rav1e 0.4.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# File Structure of rav1e 0.4.0
```

## High-level directory structure

> ![Image](https://i.imgur.com/UiFieT5.png)

Reviewer: I'd prefer to have this image hosted in the git repo. I think that's possible with markdown in Github.

| [api/*.rs](../src/api/)                               | Contains public API of rav1e, for more information check [documentation](https://docs.rs/rav1e/)           |
| [arm/32/*.S](../src/arm/32/)                          | ARM optimised functions for different encoding tools imported from dav1d by release                        |
| [arm/64/*.S](../src/arm/64)                           | AArch64 optimised functions for different encoding tools imported from dav1d by release                    |
| [arm/asm.S](../src/arm/asm.S)                         | Common functions used for Assembly implementation                                                          |
| [arm/table.S](../src/arm/table.S)                     | Tables for various ARM optimised functions                                                                 |
| [asm/\*/*.rs](../src/asm/)                            | High-level functions for binding rust and assembly functions for x86 and AArch64 Architecture              |
| [bin/common.rs](../src/bin/common.rs)                 | Functions, enums, structures used command-line tool and debugging                                          |

> | [bin/rav1e.rs](../src/bin/rav1.rs)                    | High-level functions for encoding and decoding using y4m decoder                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [bin/rav1e.rs](../src/bin/rav1e.rs)                    | CLI Interface for encoding from y4m files with rav1e                                           |
```

| [bin/stats.rs](../src/bin/stats.rs)                   | Functions for displaying Frame summary, progress info, metrics of the encoding process                     |
| [bin/kv.rs](../src/bin/kv.rs)                         | Serialisation configuration of Key-value strings                                                           |
| [bin/errror.rs](../src/bin/error.rs)                  | Functions and enums to parse various errors and displaying                                                 |
| [bin/muxer/*.rs](../src/bin/muxer/)                   | Contains IVF Muxer functions for header definition, writing frames and flushing                            |
| [bin/decoder/*.rs](../src/bin/decoder/)               | Decoder related structures and functions                                                                   |

> | [capi.rs](../src/capi.rs)                             | C Compatible API for rav1e for using as a library                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [capi.rs](../src/capi.rs)                             | C Compatible API for using rav1e as a library                                                          |
```

| [fuzzing.rs](../src/fuzzing.rs)                       | Functions to initialise fuzz targets for encoder process                                                   |
| [header.rs](../src/header.rs)                         | The enums and structs of bitstream headers for writing                                                     |
| [lib.rs](../src/lib.rs)                               | The top level library, contains code to write headers, manage buffers, and iterate through each superblock |
| [lrf.rs](../src/lrf.rs)                               | Low-level implementation of Loop restoration filter                                                        |
| [mc.rs](../src/mc.rs)                                 | Low-level implementation of Motion Compensation of the encoding process                                    |
| [me.rs](../src/me.rs)                                 | Motion Estimation related structures and functions of the encoding process                                 |
| [partition.rs](../src/partition.rs)                   | Functions and enums to manage partitions (subdivisions of a superblock)                                    |

> | [predict.rs](../src/predict.rs)                       | Intra prediction implementations                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [predict.rs](../src/predict.rs)                       | Intra and inter prediction implementations                                                                           |
```
